I can't believe it happened again that's
looping over a to Pixar
what I suppose you want to know what I'm
whining about now
well I'll tell you any awards
oh you don't know what the annual awards
are well it's an award ceremony
exclusively for animation and guess what
absolutey tools i've never gotten an
Annie award it oh I mean come on
there's the Flynn award for animation
and a Looney Tunes sub number one even
one at all hugged um Stan he came close
a couple of times but Space Jam was
beaten out by Disney's Hercules but that
was a two dimensional so I can forgive
that
however Aviva was my masterpiece
Looney Tunes back in action lost that
horrible Pixar talking animal movie
Finding Nemo that is the worst and most
overrated piece of crap to fly movie I
have ever seen even worse for cars
however this is time we had Wiley coyote
Birth CGI animated short coyote falls
nominated for the Annie Award for Best
Animated Short unfortunately took bit
lucky again to a Pixar animator and
title day and night and even worse now
with Pixar's only Annie day one all the
others went to DreamWorks poured that
How to Train Your Dragon I think I'll go
and console Wiley coyote right now hey
Wiley I know how you feel about the
Annie Awards it's just like that time
when
sheesh what's his problem he knows
you're going to complain about Pixar
need any awards local duck all the
Looney Tunes are aware of your grudge
against Pixar so I'm surprised you are
complaining about when an awful me or
movie beat our back an action movie
that's because I got overeat most of the
other Looney Tunes have gotten over
right now yeah
what senior Daffy was he something like
speed just go away okay
everybody nobody cares about the Looney
Tunes anymore we a Mesa people must hate
us that's easy for you to say you got to
win one you just just it picks aren't
you at DreamWorks soup but not as bad as
Pixar and you really understood about
your Pixar crunch okay then picture this
and early 2004 my masterpiece Looney
Tunes back in action was nominated for
an Emmy Award for Best Animated Film
bugs and I were even invited to be an
Eeyore ceremonies I dressed my best
because this looked like the first time
we'd ever get an Emmy Award sounds like
you were good tonight I can do chickens
until late night
that's nothing to do with chickens but
anyway when they announced that Finding
Nemo Hwanhee Annie award I was little
wreck my eyes bugged out my fiends bulge
and he made these weird supernatural
noises I think events of you attended to
attendees was a bit more I'm afraid flow
as I said I was a wreck
first I tore up the theater seat I was
sitting it to shreds then I jumped on
the sleigh to tried to steal the a me
trophy and then I attempted to smash the
fishtank Milan an Islam friend ran for
beating us out then security took me
away and I was shut up in a prison for a
month you would simply sing over TV any
awards
that's my dumb man right and after that
everything went downhill
Looney Tunes later in the year we were
canceled
and I was fired from Warner Brothers
animation and shortly after that he
began developing crappy stuff like
loonatics unleashed don't touch me and
this is here in addition to Wiley coyote
coyote falls losing the Pixar we're best
animated short DreamWorks got the best
anime his bill Awards Florida How to
Train Your Dragon
don't tell me ever good she gets G works
- yes my - and nessam are actually very
inferior compared to our classics even
worse than Pixar they usually a bumbling
main characters and maybe a
misunderstood villain lossless celebrity
voice lives an annoying pop culture
references discussing fart jokes led
under vomit inducing gags not to mention
that weird dreamworks frankly we see all
the time without the dragon in that much
today with exhibit at DreamWorks it's a
very high honor animation I good to get
out of my system
I just hope things will turn out well we
finally finished production on the
Looney Tunes show and airing on Cartoon
Network then maybe things will turn
around and I won't have to jump to the
golden book video killers episode that's
an attempt to get popular again oh I
hope grumpy didn't hear that